Introduce a new section for Notification Channels and move guides on configuring email provider, sms provider and push provider to the new directory (#5308)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/notification-channels/configure-push-provider.md

# Configure Push Provider

To send push notifications from {{ product_name }}, you need to configure a Push Provider. {{ product_name }} supports **Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM)** to send push notifications. With FCM, you can send push notifications to multiple platforms, including Android, iOS, and the web.

!!! note
    Firebase cloud messaging has the capability to send push notification to iOS devices through Apple Push Notification Service (APNs). However, you need to configure APNs separately to send push notifications to iOS devices.

>     For more information, [click here](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/ios/client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, [refer to the Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/ios/client).
```
